---
layout: post
title:  "Entry 7"
date:   2022-10-06
categories: blog
---

#   Entry 7:

This week I had to submit a report to SJ post-check-up meeting about how things are going at CM. My internship will continue next month as I stay on to deliver the Hi-Viz program in Bendigo/online next month:

some summaries of my time so far:

Chamber Made’s (CM) programming which engages practice-led artists at emerging, mid-career, and established levels. They also facilitate mentorships and residencies for makers at emerging and mid-career level. It is important for me as an artist/digital practitioner to connect with institutions that support artists who create at the overlaps between performance, sound, and music. This is in alignment with the creative works I have been developing. I moved to Melbourne in 2019 from Adelaide, I am very much still making connections with networks in alignment with my practice and I consider this internship to be a part of that connection-seeking.

Digital Production is an important part of my skillset to develop during this internship. I am creating a proto-website to show the team at CM who have expressed interest in creating a new website. Keeping consistent with their branding and values as a company is key for me when developing a website. Selecting a user-friendly back-end (Cargo Collective) is also important as the website maintenance and digital production has largely been in-house.

My strong interest and experience in streaming and asynchronous online spaces means I can assist with the production of the online delivery of Hi-Viz Satellites. By listening to the needs of the collaborating organisations, we can work together to create an online space on an appropriate platform that has a moderated chat space for engaging an online audience as well as the internal production and cues within a Zoom Event to ‘spotlight’ speakers and AUSLAN interpreters in the online delivery of the program.

By interning with a company like CM, I’m engaging directly with local and international contexts. Hi-Viz Satellites includes symposia in Bendigo (facilitated by Punctum) and Singapore (facilitated by SATheCollective). Both organisations have a relationship with CM. Creative practice exchange between these satellites is a form of knowledge sharing and encourages an enriching cross-cultural dialogue between practitioners across intersecting disciplines. 



